this txt file is created by zoe.
2025 - June.

who is turkis?

turkis is mostly unknown. though his true self is something horrible.
he goes by many identites, but when i met him, he was called "Giga Adam".

Names will be anonymised in colo(u)rs.

Anyways, Turkis is a neo-nazi, racist and homophobic muslim.
He claims to be 13 but its really obvious he's not.

how so? well

He leaked every single piece of information, his face, age, house, everything.
He has tried to report us and try to get my friends account's banned. but nothing bad has happened.

In The Turkis Files, you may see how he is a neo-nazi. there is a video attached in the .zip of him saying EVERYTHING.
And one of them say "heil-h*tler." And very recently, he posted a picture of Ad*lf H*tler saying its his face reveal.

Disgusting.
He also is a homophobic by saying "Fuck Pride" and "fuck you pride supporter".

He also threaten to get his 'hacker friend' to f*ck up my site and completely hack it. And if you know anything about the law, this is VERY ILLEGAL if i ever
posted these.

If you wish to join the Discord for updates & leaked images. Go ahead: https://discord.gg/d9k9PyVqnx
All Discord accounts have to be confirmed they are not turkis.

Turkis has also sent porn, such as sending p*rnhub.com, and n*ggafart.com which shows a 🍑 shaking naked.
Not only that, he has shown screenshots of him being on PornHub.

He is a minor most likely below the age of 13.
And in turkey, to use Discord, you have to be 16. Meaning he is breaking Discord's ToS

I have had to go through 500+ messages to end up with 41 images as of writing this on 02:06 28/06/2025.
if you are reading this, you are most likely on Windows.

Also, he has shown so many images of himself, and onetime, yellow (anonymouse) told me he would call police.
Earlier, he said he would call police. Though we wouldn't go to jail, he would. For wasting police's time.

He also said he went onto the PornHub page but never watched anything. Watching Porn is illegal under the age of 18. And most likely, he is under 13 years old.
He also said "WHO INVITED THIS [HARDRSLUR]?"

red told me he USED to be normal, until. Something happened.
He got into an argument with a YouTuber (YouTuber is unknown) and called him racial slurs.
Then he blamed it onto Red and Blue.
But blue got out of it somehow, and the rest is history.

He also didn't want to use Discord's default profile (that is randomly chosen when u get Discord on pc where u get the DIscord logo with different colo(u)rs) because it was pink.
he also said "since i said n word to you im going to make my roblox avatar black for a day" to someone that is black and has said the n word to infront of them via Discord.

Now, he has said "Fuck Islam" and saying stuff such as "FUCK FOODS" he also has threatened to kill himselve and the turkis files have 100+ files in only 48 hours and said "Fuck your allah."

End.

Will be updated soon.
